---
title: Log - Sprint 5 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-5
tags: [log, sprint ]
---
## Work in Progress
- Today the team setup the Watsonx Assistant and the integration with Watson Discovery and Watonsx.ai. At around 10am we had the first version of WA + WD + WX up and running. We tested the Conversational Search capabilties on three questions and it worked well in terms of relevance and accuracy. 
- The team then worked in the following streams:
    1. Multilingual capability: 
        - Ensure Spanish websites are added to the Watson Discovery collection
        - Through prompt engineering, we develop the multilingual capability that has the generative AI capability to answer previously unseen questions
    2. FAQs to Actions: for the questions that are frequently asked, we developed actions to ensure standard responses, which also optimized the response time.
    3. High value journeys: for the questions that used to require human agents e.g. Can you help me open an account?,I lost my debit card, we developed actions to walk through users through a multi-step journey 
    4. setup and integration of Watsonx Assistant and Genesys.
    5. Conversatiol Search Capability: For the questions that are not covered, GenAI conduct a search through the  document collection. We tested token amounts to ensure comprehensiveness and conciseness of response; currently we set max_new_token as 200

## Currently Tracking
- The team is working on pushing solution documentation to GitHub.
## Next Steps
- The team will continue to work through the use cases and demos.
