---
title: Log - Sprint 6 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-6
tags: [log, sprint ]
---
## Work in Progress
- The team setup Trello boards to track the cards in progress.
- Today the team continued working and made progress on the following streams
    1. Multilingual capability: 
        - Fine tune FAQs as the answers from the Conversational Search could response perfectly around 35%, but for some questions the model does not perform well due to lack of Spanish sources, and sentences not cutting off properly. 
        - The team continue testing prompts, adding spanish documents to Watson Discovery, and adding actions to Watsonx Assistant.
    2. FAQs to Actions: the team continue adding FAQs as actions.
    3. High value journeys: the team continue developing personas and journeys for the questions that would require human agents. We developed actions to walk through users through a multi-step journey.
    4. Setup and integration of Watsonx Assistant and Genesys. The team continue testing the integration of Genesys to Watson Assistant. 
        - At around 5pm, we were able to integrate Genesys into Watson Assistant for the live agent capabilities.
        - the team had referred to the followingrelated documents
            1. [Integrating with Genesys](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/watson-assistant?topic=watson-assistant-deploy-genesys)
            1. [Genesys Cloud Integration Usage Example](https://github.com/watson-developer-cloud/assistant-web-chat-service-desk-starter/tree/main/src/genesys/webChat)
    5. Conversational Search Capability: For the questions that are not covered, GenAI conduct a search through the  document collection. We tested token amounts to ensure comprehensiveness and conciseness of response
        - currently we are using the meta-llama/llama-2-70b-chat model, with max_new_token 300, repetition_penalty 1.1, and temperature 0.
    6. Website development using the Lendyr codebase: the team plan to integrate our Watson Assistant with the Lendyr codebase and customize it to match our client's information. This will provide the capabilities such as carousel, Map iframe, Journey, Email deep link, Mortgage Calculator, on top of the LLM Search.


## Currently Tracking
- The team is working on pushing solution documentation to GitHub.
## Next Steps
- The team will continue to work through the use cases and demos.
